feat(curriculum): add registration form workshop to cert (#56724)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-registration-form/60f02e7361b68405e27b62a5.md

---
id: 60f02e7361b68405e27b62a5
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
---

# --description--

In this workshop, you will learn how to style forms by designing a registration form.

All of the HTML boilerplate (`DOCTYPE`, `html`, `head`, and `body`) has been provided for you.

> Within the `body`, provide a heading context for the content, by adding an `h1` with the text `Registration Form`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the `body`, add a heading to give context to the form by using an `h1` element with the text `Registration Form`.
```

Reviewer: It wasn't clear to me what I had to do here.
